# Pyber_Analysis
Purpose
The purpose of this project was to successfully use our knowledge of mat plot and data frames to successfully create a graph showing the total fares gathered for the company Pyber. Using the data that was collected over the course of a few years, we were tasked with finding the total drivers for Urban, Rural, and Suburban. Using csv's given to us, we were tasked with importing them into pandas and then find the total drivers, rides, and fares for each environment. Once found we had to calculate the average fare for drivers and rides over the months. Finally, once we found these values, we had to create a summary data frame. Next, we were tasked with creating a data frame for the summary table to create a pivot table. From this table we need to create a graph showing the changes in fare over the course of the year.
Results
From the data gathered from over the course of a year, we found that in total, Urban areas produced more rides than the other environments, totaling to 1625 compared to Rural and Suburban with 125 and 625, respectively. The same trend can is seen throughout the rest of the totals with Urban being the largest producer in drivers and fares. The number of drivers in Urban parts was almost six times as many drivers when compared to Suburban, with Urban totaling to 59602 drivers and Suburban at 8570. Rural had the smallest number of drivers, with only 537. When it came to total fares, Urban only had double the number of fares when compared to Suburban. When it came to averages, Rural was actually the leader in largest amount on average for fares per ride and was also leading in average fair per driver. When looking at the graph, we can see that overall, Urban is one of the more profitable places to service, with the trend being much higher than the other environments. 
Summary
The purpose of this project was to gather the total drivers, fares, and rides for three different environments: urban, suburban, and rural. Once gathered, we created a graph in order to show the number of fares produced over the course of the year. From the data, we can conclude multiple things from the data. The first conclusion is that multiple of the rides given in Rural areas usually were much further away from their starting point. This conclusion is due to how much high the average fare is compared to more Urban environments. With longer drive times in Rural areas being a thing, more drivers should be encouraged to service the rural areas. The second conclusion is that the Urban areas are currently oversaturated with drivers. The amount of fare produced per driver was significantly lower than all the other areas, especially considering that the number of fares produced was almost 8x as much as Rural. To help produce more money per driver, there should be a limit to how many drivers can be present in the area at any given time. Finally, Suburban areas have the tendency to have a higher fare and only have a small number of drivers, on average the fare for suburban areas was 30.97$. In order to help increase profits, drivers in Urban areas should increase their range further from the city to pick up more clients in Suburban areas.
